1. What is javascript? How does an interpreted programming language differ from a
compiled language?

JavaScript is a language used commonly on websites to add functionality to certain elements or 
store data. javascript, as an interpreted language, does not use a compiler to be read and 
executed by the direct system, but is rather read and interpreted by the window (ex. the browser
window on the website).

2. What is the difference between var, let, and const when declaring variables?

Var is the old-school way to declare a variable of any type that can be redeclared and updated.
It has a global scope when it is declared outside a function and a local scope when declared
within a function. Let can also be of any type and is block-scoped, meaning it is only accessible within
its block. It can also be updated (within its block), but not redeclared, unlike var. Let variables can be 
redeclared in different scopes (as they are now different variables). Const also has a block scope but cannot
be redeclared or updated and therefore takes up less memory, but these variables must be initialized as their
values cannot change. Let and const are both not initialized automatically, where var is initialized with an 
undefined value if unspecified. 

3. What are anonymous functions? Higher order functions?

A higher order function is a function that takes another function as an input or returns
another function as a result. Functions passed as parameters in higher-order functions are 
called callback functions. Anonymous functions do not have names and are often used as a means 
for higher order functions (as the input or output)

4. Define objects in JavaScript and how they are different from objects in more traditional
OOP languages.

Objects in JavaScript are non-primative data types. They consist of properties, which are 
associations between a name(key) and a value. Objects differ in javascript as they don't
necessarily have to be of a type class. Arrays, for example, are objects, all stored in dynamic
memory in the heap. Mot non-primitive data types in javascript are considered and treated as 
objects. 