1. What does it mean to escape data? How does escaping data help us avoid malicious
code?

Escaping data means encoding or cleaning data inputted to prevent it from being interpreted as code 
by the browser or wherever it is being inputted to. This is important in preventing XSS attacks by making
any malicious code defunct and unable to run. An example of how to escape data is to transform open and close 
tags into thier HTML representatives, like &lt, so they are no longer executable as code.

2. Please read through: https://www.codecademy.com/article/what-is-rest
    a. What is REST? What is meant by Statelessness?
        REST is an architectural style that provides standards for communication, facilitating easy transfer of 
        information. Compliant systems are stateless, which means that the server does not need to know what state 
        the client is in, and vice versa. This makes it so both ends can understand any message received.  
    
    b. What is a resource?
        A resource describes any object, document, or thing that may be stored or sent to other services. This is in 
        contrast to commands, which are instructions that require more specific information. Statelessness is achieved 
        through the use of resources.
    
    c. Look at the section on Path design: In a RESTful architecture paradigm what
    would be the proper way to create a path for: (provide URL and HTTP method):
        i. getting a list of users?

            GET examplesite.com/users
            Accept: application/json

        ii. getting a particular user?

            GET examplesite.com/users/46
            Accept: application/json

        iii. saving a user?
            POST examplesite.com/user
            Body:
            {
                user: {
                “name” = “Jane Doe”,
                “email” = “janedoe@gmail.com”
                }
            }

3. What is a Cookie?

A cookie is a piece of data that a website sends to a user's browser that is then stored on the users 
local device. They are commonly used to track user interactions and store information about activity and 
preferences to be used for reccomendations, analytics, and ads.

4. What is a Session?

A session is a period of interaction between a user and a web app where information about the user's activity 
is stored. They last as long as the user is active on the site and retain statefull information, including authentication 
status, a shopping cart, or other contextual information. Sessions also have unique IDs that allow the server to 
associate specific requests from a user with the correct data.

