2. What are some examples of how PHP and JavaScript are alike and how they differ?
Both PHP and JavaScript are interpreted languages, meaning they do not use a compiler to read and translate
the code into executable machine code, but are rather read and executed by an interpreter either on the browser or 
server the code is running on. Both languages are also dynamically typed, which makes the use of
variables more flexible by not explicitly determining their type at declaration. However, while both are used in web development, 
their specific roles differ. PHP is more useful for data manipulation, server side actions, and connection to databases like SQL. 
JavaScript handles more DOM manipulation, AJAX HTTP requests, and other client-side tasks. They also have some syntax similarities, with 
logical operators and other general coding principles, but also some syntax differences, like with how they declare variables. PHP 
variables are declared with a $, which is the JQuery symbol for identification. Vanilla JavaScript declares variables more standardly 
with keywords like var, const, and let.

3. Define MVC, what are the responsibilities of each piece?
MVC stands for Model View Controller and is a architectural pattern used to separate aspects of website development into three 
main logical components. Each component is meant to handle specific aspects of the application. The Model component is responsible for 
all the data related logic that the program uses, for example any data being transferred between the View and the Controller, and can add or 
retrieve data from the database. The View is the component responsible for the UI logic of the application and are create dbased on data taken from 
the Model through the Controller. The Controller is the component that enables connection between the Model and the View. It sends requests to the Model 
for data processing and interacts with the View to alter the output based on this data. The Model would be an example of SQL/PHP, the Controller JavaScript,
and the View HTML/CCS.